en: update files about managing tasks (#129)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/resume-task.md

---
title: Resume a Data Replication Task
summary: Learn how to resume a data replication task.
category: reference
---

# Resume a Data Replication Task

You can use the `resume-task` command to resume a data replication task in the `Paused` state. This is generally used in scenarios where you want to manually resume a data replication task after handling the error that get the task paused.

{{< copyable "" >}}

```bash
help resume-task
```

```
resume a specified paused task

> Usage:
>  dmctl resume-task [-s source ...] <task-name> [flags]
> Flags:
>  -h, --help   help for resume-task
> Global Flags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Usage:
 dmctl resume-task [-s source ...] <task-name> [flags]

Flags:
 -h, --help   help for resume-task

Global Flags:
```

 -s, --source strings   MySQL Source ID
```

## Usage example

{{< copyable "" >}}

```bash
resume-task [-s "mysql-replica-01"] task-name
```

## Flags description

> - `-s`: (Optional) Specifies the MySQL source where the subtasks of the replication task (that you want to restart) run. If it is set, only subtasks on the specified MySQL source are restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-s`: (Optional) Specifies the MySQL source where you want to resume the subtask of the replication task. If it is set, the command resumes only the subtasks on the specified MySQL source.
```
